0.0: Meta-Purpose.
	By stating a purpose, I intend to get a sense of:
		What sort of audience might be interested in what I have made
		How I know when it's finished
		How to tell I've been making progress
		What influences and cultural touchstones I can use to
			explain it
			keep in mind when I'm designing it
	And most of all:
		WHAT THE HELL AM I DOING AND WHY
		
1.0: Character Sheet
	Name: Samsara
	Genre: 2D Action-RPG.
	Aesthetic: Old-school. Slightly grimdark, in a depressive-clarity sort of way.
	Ideals and Ambitions: Wakefulness. Depth. Consideration/observation of the mundane.
							Distrust of appearances. Empathy. P-mode > J-mode.
							Transcendence. Awe (in the sense of, things are larger than you knew)
							
2.0: Influences: 
	Legend of Zelda, particularly Link's Awakening.
		-gameplay of exploration/combat/character-development
		-art of 2d top-down perspective (yet beautiful)
		-Can we maybe fit a Yoshi doll in there?
	Philip K Dick.
		-fiction of "reality is not what you think it is"
		-tone of desperate paranoia
		-but friendlier??
	Buddhism. 
		-Idea of continual reincarnation that can only be escaped from by achieving Enlightenment
		-Continual reincarnation in a game?? IT'LL NEVER WORK
		-But actually most of the fiction is pretty heavily influenced by all the Buddhist stuff I've been reading
	Spelunky. 
		-omg exploration in that game
		-figuring out how things work, y'know?
		-pieces of the physics model interacting in semi-predictable ways that are awesome
		-It's just pure fun to me.
	Limbo.
		-You really FEEL for that kid
		-It does a great job of getting you invested in keeping him safe in a hell-dangerous world
		-That's not precisely what I'm aiming for here?
		-Your characters in Samsara are far from innocent - in fact their struggles are entirely their own fault!
		-But I'd really like to get that visceral sense of "I am on your side" that Limbo practically shoves into you
	Braid.
		-Time-manipulation, ish
		-But mostly I just really admire its use of text
		-text to set context, get it?
		-Just a few judiciously-chosen, ambiguous lines of pseudo-poetry turn it from a bog-standard platformer
			into a meditation on relationships, regrets, memories, and Nice Guy-ism.
			COMPLETELY changing the experience
	World of Warcraft.
		-Actually just one thing:
			"Azeroth Moments"
		-That's when you explore one area pretty thoroughly, right?
		-And you're like, okay, I have a sense of this area
		-I guess I have a pretty good sense of what this game has to offer
		-And then you head across the border into the next area and your map zooms out a little
		-And you realize everything you were just doing is only one tiny piece of something much huger and grander
		-And it's not invalidated (Cataclysm is NOT an influence ><)
		-But it's re-contextualized
		-I want your adventure to be one of continual recontextualization
		-I want your LIFE to be one of continual recontextualization
		-As you consider new things, expand your mind, rethink your assumptions
		-The world is so much bigger than you know, guys!
		
3.0: Fiction
	Here are some brief notes.
		Seven heroes. One villain.
		What we know as "evil" is an expression of deep pain
		"You don't know what it's like!" Show me.
		Show me.
		Show me.
		Tell me.
		Be with me, darkness. Tell me why you are dark.
		Light also, for that matter. Have you guys met? Let us sit together.
		Are you so different?
		Seven "heroes". One villain.
		Are they all but aspects of one persona?
		Are we all but aspects of humanity?
		Is humanity but one aspect of the universe?
		It is not just that we should be so opposed.
	Here are some brief, more concrete notes.
		Seven heroes.
			Jade, the lifestealer.
			Griffith, the warg.
			Serena, the water dancer.
			Diana, the sniper.
			Kendry, the sage.
			Ian, the whisperer.
			Jacquelyn, the witch.
		Each has their own mechanics, and each has the world respond to them differently.
		Why these seven?
		The Dark Lord is rising.
		His aura of doom pervades the land.
		His tower shall rise, and we shall fall into shadow.
		First, the bravest paragons were sent to entomb him
		Then, the wisest
		None survived. All fell to the Dark One's pervasive aura of doom.
			All fell into shadow.
			All gave up.
		Our only hope, now, are these seven
		These seven who are already doomed, already damned, who have already given up
			Yet who continue to live, to walk the earth.
		My ambition is to put you more deeply into a character's head than you have ever gone before
			in any medium
				ever.
		(i might be a somewhat ambitious Creature...)
	Okay so that described the setup...
		In-game: At first it's a standard dungeon crawl
			You play as Jade
				(Unlock later characters) (also, wait to develop them)
				Here is Jade's story: She was orphaned by war.
				Lived on the border, one side came through and burned her village
				Then the other side came through and murdered her family
				One side found a use for her: as a cute local face. As a spy.
				She'd scout a town, find their defenses, establish their weaknesses
				Then the army would come through and exploit them
				One day she found a defense that only the truly desperate would use
				A soul-eating blade
				She turned on her employers and slaughtered them
					Drained their life force
						Fed their souls to her weapon
				Now she hungers constantly
				So really, having an evil Dark Lord and an army of evil minions is the best thing that could have happened to her
				Eveyone deserves to die! How wonderful
				So, slay the monsters. Everything is monsters. Kill everything that moves.
			You don't find the Dark Lord.
			You find Griffith, trapped, frozen.
			I'll tell his story later.
			It will almost be a standard dungeon crawl. But not quite. More of a hunt.
			So you're going through and murdering everyone
			Sometimes solving puzzles to progress
			And you get a text scroll of what Jade is thinking
			things like: 
				"Ghosts don't bleed. Disappointing, somehow."
				"Why would you put a switch here? The true evil is inefficiency."
				"He could put in a few windows and just be a Moderately Dim Lord..."
			Depending on context, obviously.
			Not ALWAYS sassy, but damned if sassy ain't the most fun.
			Eventually you come to a point where it's intended to flash you back to your traumatic past
			of SLAUGHTERING THE VILLAGERS, perhaps?
				"Not fair."
				"Not right."
				"This is BULLSHIT!"
				"They're all just monsters, okay? Just monsters."
				"JUST MONSTERS!"
			And then a version of child-you picks up a sword and turns against you
			And you're duelling your own past and it's all Jungian and shit.
			This is all pretty far in the future...
				"I had to. I had to."
				"No choice. No choices."
				"It's not good for you, Jade! Put it down, please, put it down while you can..."
				"It's too late. Fine. It's too late."
				"So much for what I was, then."
			Yes, the repetetiveness reinforces the theme.
			Samsara, get it? Infinite repetition.
			Repetition? IN A GAME???
			Here's someone with a traumatic history, doomed to epeat that history indefinitely, 
			reincanate herself as who she was, revisit what she was, 
			re-doom herself,
			forever
			Until
			She
			Stops.
			Is the Dark Lord evil?
			The Dark Lord is just dark.
			Is the Light Lord good?
			In Tibetan culture, white is the color of death and mourning.
			Just saying.